(light guitar music)
♪ Dear God, hope you get the letter and ♪
♪ I pray you can make
it better down here ♪
♪ I don't mean a big reduction
in the price of beer ♪
♪ But all the people that
you made in your image ♪
♪ See them starving on their feet ♪
♪ 'Cause they don't get
enough to eat from God ♪
♪ I can't believe in you ♪
♪ Dear God, sorry to disturb you but ♪
♪ I feel that I should
be heard loud and clear ♪
♪ We all need a big reduction
in amount of tears ♪
♪ And all the people that
you made in your image ♪
♪ See them fighting in the street ♪
♪ 'Cause they can't make
opinions meet about God ♪
♪ They can't believe in you ♪
♪ Did you make disease
and the diamond blue ♪
♪ Did you make mankind after we made you ♪
♪ And the devil too ♪
♪ Dear God, don't know
if you noticed but ♪
♪ Your name is on a lot
of quotes in this book ♪
♪ And us crazy humans wrote
it, you should take a look ♪
♪ And all the people that
you made in your image ♪
♪ Still believing that junk is true ♪
♪ Well I know it ain't, so do you ♪
♪ Dear God ♪
♪ I can't believe in ♪
♪ I don't believe in ♪
♪ I won't believe in heaven and hell ♪
♪ No saints, no sinners,
no devil as well ♪
♪ The pearly gates, no thorny crown ♪
♪ You're always letting us humans down ♪
♪ The wars you bring,
the babes you drown ♪
♪ Those lost at sea and never found ♪
♪ And it's the same
the whole world round ♪
♪ The hurt I see helps to compound ♪
♪ The Father, Son, and holy ghost ♪
♪ Is just somebody's unholy hoax ♪
♪ And if you're up there you'll perceive ♪
♪ That my heart's here upon my sleeve ♪
♪ If there's one thing
I don't believe in ♪
♪ It's you ♪
♪ Dear God ♪